README.md, before:

#API Usage
This project serves as a Node.js-powered API framework that sits in front of the Brightcove Analytics APIs. The Authorization header stuff is handled behind the scenes. For now, until the OAuth system is in place, you can pass the tokens as part of the get request. Please fork the project for any enhancements, as there are many to be made.

##To get account-level information:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/token:[token]

##To get player information:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/player/[player id]/token:[token]

##To get information on all players:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/player/token:[token]
_Caution: this will fetch all players and their corresponding analytics information from the account, and can potentiall be very slow._

##To get video information:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/video/[video id]/token:[token]

##To get video information:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/video/token:[token]
_Caution: this will fetch all of the videos and their corresponding analytics information from the account, and will almost definitely be very slow._

##To get video information for a player:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/video/[video id]/player/[player id]/token:[token]

##To get video information with a date rage:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/video/[video id]/from:0/to:123456789/token:[token]

_Note: either of the from and to fields are optional. For instance, if the from is left off, the URL would look like so: /api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/video/[video id]/to:123456789/token:[token]_

The defaults for both fields are:

* from: beginning of the Unix epoch
* to: current timestamp

Commit message:

Added a method to grab Read API information. Need to extend that a bit, add it to other calls, etc. The one method it's working for is now in the README.

README.md, after:

#API Usage
This project serves as a Node.js-powered API framework that sits in front of the Brightcove Analytics APIs. The Authorization header stuff is handled behind the scenes. For now, until the OAuth system is in place, you can pass the tokens as part of the get request. Please fork the project for any enhancements, as there are many to be made.

##To get account-level information:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/token:[token]

##To get player information:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/player/[player id]/token:[token]

##To get information on all players:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/player/token:[token]

*__Caution: this will fetch all players and their corresponding analytics information from the account, and can potentiall be very slow.__*

##To get video information:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/video/[video id]/token:[token]

##To get video information:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/video/token:[token]

*__Caution: this will fetch all of the videos and their corresponding analytics information from the account, and will almost definitely be very slow.__*

##To get video information including information from the Read API:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/video/[video id]/token:[token]?includeReadAPI=true&readAPIToken=[read api token]

##To get video information for a player:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/video/[video id]/player/[player id]/token:[token]

##To get video information with a date rage:
/api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/video/[video id]/from:0/to:123456789/token:[token]

_Note: either of the from and to fields are optional. For instance, if the from is left off, the URL would look like so: /api/v1/json/account/[publisher id]/video/[video id]/to:123456789/token:[token]_

The defaults for both fields are:

* from: beginning of the Unix epoch
* to: current timestamp
